hi a mile from Gulfstream boots heels
today we're taking a look at a Glastron
GS 2 9 sports coming
it's a 21 foot boat it was built in 2001
it's got a Volvo Penta 5 liter GL 220
horsepower stand drive engine and the
boots in nice condition it's a fantastic
level sports colleague it's a versatile
day boat a couple could spend the night
on board she's got a full set of covers
with her that's on a 20 X ol you case
back road trailer and the boots well
sorted and it's ready to go for the
season
I like the cockpit leg on this boot it
makes really good use of the space we've
got nice high sights you know the
Gumbel's are nice and tall so you feel
safe and secure whenever you're in the
boot under way even in the back seats
there so the layout is we've got a white
helm seat we've got a back to back
portside larger for policy than a
rear-facing passenger and then we've got
two jump seats recess seats either side
of the of the engine box the hell
position on the book is pretty well laid
out we've got nice white now see we've
got the foot rest just in front of it
for bracing yourself against we've got a
five position that's tell to you so you
should be able to get a position that
works for you and whatever I'm sitting
there the help sink the visibility is
good
I can see directly through the screen
and like the side screens there's also
plenty room if you want to stand at the
helm you're not too close to the studio
which so you can do that
to get access to the engine we just
removed the two corner seats we flip up
the sub pop the bike and we can fold
this engine box forward it's on a piano
hinge for three piano hinges on the
floor of the book so this is the engine
it's a volvo penta 5.0 GL v8 that
produced 220 horsepower and it's in some
pretty nice condition for the age
if you're interested in this book and
you want to see the full length video
tour where I go through everything in
detail Sharia puts up all those pictures
where we run the engine put the book of
the water for a full performance test
and just give you a really good idea of
the condition this one's in then just
sign up for VIP access on our website go
through conceals comm just pop your name
and email address and it's completely
free and you can navigate back to the
glass on GS to your ninth page and you
can watch the full length but he
repeated
you